in the corridors of gaza's Indonesian
Hospital there is no dignity left for
the sick and the injured no safety for
the families displaced by Israeli
attacks Israeli tanks and snipers have
besieged the hospital those trying to
leave have reportedly come under Israeli
fire yeah you either send us home or
send us to the graveyard enough is
enough the MS here are thrown on the
ground and we can't even bury them we
can't go out the hospital because the
Israelis will kill us it's a catastrophe
on Monday the hospital came under direct
attack at least 12 people were
killed this is the operation room there
is no power but from
God look here this is a massacre this is
a child this is another man a lady is
here for hundreds of people inside the
hospital there is no water medicine or
oxygen supplies is just fear of certain
death the situation is catastrophic
Martyrs everywhere my son is on the
floor with amputated arm and open
stomach and no one can help him we live
in Siege I urge the Arab countries the
Red Cross the red cison to come and help
us we need to leave here and go
somewhere else my son is bleeding my son
is bleeding
on Monday a 100 injured Palestinians
were able to leave the Indonesian
hospital and go to Southern
Gaza the World Health Organization says
it's planning further evacuation from
three hospitals in the north but to
where nowhere in Gaza is safe where
every last shred of humanity has been
taken away Priyanka Gupta
aljaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer